- [976] 23 . 976
I' ve only ever met one man i wouldn' t want to fight when i met him he was already the best cut man in the business started training and managing in the 60' s , never lost his gift .
I need to look at him .
He' s fine , he' s fine .
Even if you dont stop this bleeding I give you one more round .
Seconds up , lets go .
Wwhat do we do ? tell me what to do .
Let him hit you . cuts too high , too close to the bone ,
maybe you got a severed vein , or you just cant get the cuagulant deep enough .
The' re all kinds of combinations you come up against down in the different layers of meat and frankie knew how to work every one .
People love violence , they' il slow down at a car wreck to check for bodies , same people claim to love boxing , they got no idea what it is .
Boxing is about respect , getting it for yourself , and taking it away from the other guy .
I' il warm up the car .
Mr dunn ?
I owe you money ?
No sir .
I know your momma ?
Dont really know sir .
What is it you want ?
I was on the inner card , i won my fight too , maggie fitzgerald .
Well maggie fitzgerald , what' s up ?
Did you happen to see it ?
Nope .
I did pretty good , thought you might be interested in training me .
I dont train girls .
Maybe you should , people seen me fight say i' m pretty tough .
Girlie , tough aint enough .
It' s a mistake .
Car should be able to back up frankie .
Just push will you ?
What did HOgan want ?
Offered us a title shot .
Bout time .
I turned him down flat , 2 or 3 more fights and you' il be ready .
Been 2 , 3 more fights for a long time now frankie .
Look Willie , you' ve one shot at the title , you lose , it may not come around again 2 or 3 more fights and you' il be ready .
If you say frankie .
Frankie liked to say that boxing was an unnatural act , that everything in boxing is backwards .
Sometimes best way to deliver punches is step back .
Well dO your best lord , protect katie ...
Annie too , other than that , you know what i want , there' s no use repeating myself .
But step back too far , you aint fighting at home .
Father that was a great sermon . Every week .
What' s confusing you this week ?
Oh same ol one god tree god thing .
Frankie , most people figure out by kindergarden it' s about faith .
Is it sorta like snap , crackle and pop all rolled up in one big box ?
Your standing outside my church comparing god to rice crispies ?
The only reason you can romance at me is to wind me up , it' s not gonna happen this morning .
Well i' m confused .
No you aren' t .
Yes I am .
Then here' s your answer , there' s one god , anything else cause i' m busy ?
What about the Holy ghost ?
He' s an expression of god' s love . and Jesus ?
Son of god , dont play stupid .
But who is he then , does that make him demi god ?
There are no demigods you fucking pagan .
Did you write your daughter ?
Absolutely .
Now your lying to a priest .
You know what , take a day off , dont come to mass tomorrow .
Some People say the most important thing a fighter can have is heart .
Frankie would say , show me a fighter who' s nothing but heart , and i' il show you a man waiting for a beating .
Think i' ve only ever met one fighter who' s all heart .
My name is Dangerous Dillard fighting flipo bam bam ... out of Broward county Texas .
Dangerous showed up a couple years back , it comes to everything to LA with errilville , ... new boyfriend , apparently errilville got lost , and ended up back in Texas .
Danger looked for him , bout a week before he introduced himself .
Hey , you know , I gots nothing against niggers .
Well that' s nice to hear .
Yeah , yeah lots of people where i comes from does , but My momma taught me not to cause hurt to no man , niggers or not .
You got a nice momma , anything there is i can do for ya ?
Just one of those questions you ask .
But danger wanted to give it his best answer .
Well sir i' d likes to become the welter weight champion of the world , and i challenge the motor city cobra , thomas evan earns to fight me for the welter weight championship of the whole world .
Yo flip shut up man , you aint even ranked .
You gotta have at least one fight to be ranked .
Hey i' il fight any man any time .
Hey you a bad man huh ? hey come on get in the ring , go a round with me .
Sherrile , leave him alone .
Danger , your going back to training .
Will do miss graff .
Oww
Those some nice tights , danger .
I Give you that ass whoopping later olive oil .
Hey bro , Those pants look real pretty on you bro .
Give his momma back her tights .
Sherrile , had a left hook that would move a tank but he had a heart the size of a split pea .
Frankie .... pit from bobby malone 17yrs ago .
Bobby wanted to move to florida and frankie wanted some security .
Bobby died while he was packing .
Frankie found out .
Most gyms lose money .
Thought i told you i didn' t want danger working out here anymore .
OH he aint hurting nothing frankie .
But he' s hurting me , making my heart watching him punch the air like it' s gonna punch back .
How many times do i got to tell you that bleach is bleach .
Why can' t you just buy the cheap stuff , you always have to buy the expensive stuff .
It smells better frankie .
Bleach smells like bleach .
Hey scruff ...
Heya mr buda ..
Big willie ,
Nice fight .
Thanks man .
Wanna talk ?
( studying language outloud ) what the hell kind of language is that ?
What do you want ?
I just thought you might like to know you got a fighter out there not talking to another manager .
Not talking to another manager ?
And not just any manager , Mickie Mac
You came in here to tell me that Big willie is not talking to Mickie Mac ?
Not a word , neither one of them .
I' m trying to read here .
If you think that is more important .
Who' s your new girl ?
What ?
Jesus Christ .
She keeps hitting it like that she gonna break her wrists .
Your wasting your time , I told you I dont train girls .
Thought you might change your mind .
There' s dozen of trainers who train girls , you wont have any trouble finding one .
Won' t hardly need a dozen boss , you' il do fine .
Dont ' call me boss now , i' m not your boss , and dont you be calling me that .
Willie you ready to work ?
Anytime .
If i stop calling you boss will you train me ?
No .
Then I might as well just keep calling you it .
She came from southwestern missouri , the hills outside ( ... )
Set in the cedars and oak trees somewhere between nowhere and goodbye .
She grew up knowing one thing , she was trash .
It' s for my dog .
She' d come 1800 miles but the ( adultra ) was still just over the hill .
Working the bag boss .
I' m not your boss and that bag is working you .
Give her money back .
You sure ?
How much' s she paid ?
6 Months .
Christ , no dont be a smart ass now will ya , woman thinks i' m gonna throw away 6 months worth of dues just to get rid of her she' s out of her mind , but just dont encourage her , understand ?
What' s danger doing out there ?
What' s he looking at ?
Looks like a bottle of water .
He pay his dues ?
Dues ? boy can' t afford pants , you want him to pay dues ?
Get out of my office .
Can' t think it was the bag .
I' m not a trainer but i can show you this too .
I appreciate any help i can get .
What you wanna do is take it to the mat see , he' s constantly moving, moving towards you , moving around ya, and moving away from ya .
Alright , now you dont want to hit him when he' s coming toward ya cause what he' s gonna do is just push you back and is gonna smuggle your punches take you by ( respect ) , so you watch him real carefully , keep rotating , that keeps your head moving and keep one shoulder back so you' re always ready to fire power shot , alright now go ahead now, good good , keep rotating, keep moving , that' s it , good good , keep that chin tucked in , come around keep moving , keep moving , good ... yeah ?
Give it a few shots , tuck that chin in, tuck that chin in , that' s good , that' s good now you get this down we' il put you on a speed bag ?
You do have a speed bag ?
I' il just borrow it til i can buy my own .
Go on home now .
I' il walk out with you ?
No i am home , see .
It' s nice , would it bother you much if i worked a little longer ?
Just pull the door closed when you leave .
Thank you .
If there' s magic in boxing , its the magic of fighting battles beyond endurance , beyond cracked rips , ruptured kidneys and detached raetna' s .
It' s the magic of risking everything for a dream that nobody see' s but you .
Hey flip , hey flippie come here man , i think i found somebody you can beat .
I dont fights women .
Why not boot , it' s perfect boot , cause you know why , cause she are you , you could fight to him and then you could kiss to him , and then you fight to him one more time .
It' s beautiful man , it' s like poetry .
It' s like poetry .
You' ve been reading that shit .
Thanks boss .
That' s a girl man ?
I' il be damned flipper .
Think your right .
Look at them itty bitty titties , there like mosquito bites , man there' s barely even a mouth full .
Saw your last flash shot Will , spend so much time face down , I thought the canvas had titties .
Canvas has titties .
Hey Look at me i' m Sherille .
Just humping the canvas , humping the floor .
C' mon bro , the floor having titties that' s funny bro .
Shut up , what you laughing at ?
Hold the bag stupid .
Yo when they start making those tights for men flippie ?
Alright that' s enough , that' s enough for today .
I' il give you a ride .
Oh i can' t frankie , middle' s got a piano lesson , i told Grace i' d drive .
Oh , something wrong with Grace' s car ?
She hates that car , wants the old one back but dealer wont do it , says he already got a buyer .
Oh well maybe i should talk to the dealer ?
I' d appreciate that .
Ok .
Thanks .
( ... ) today doesn' t want one .
You ever do any work around here ?
Not my job i' d worry about if i was you .
Little girl tends to be coming along .
Yeah , almost like someones been helping her .
She might just be a natural .
Looks like She' s got something .
She' s got my speed bag , that' s what she' s got .
I wonder How the hell she got that .
I wonder .
I' m gonna need that speed bag back .
This bag ?
Yes that bag , that' s my bag and if your hitting it people will think i' m training ya .
Is that such a bad thing boss ?
Yes , yes it is everytime you touch it your losing me business out here .
I Got it ( didn' t ) embarassing myself .
Well I can' t just lend it to anybody you know .
I understand .
Look you seem like a nice girl , can i give you some advice ?
I' d appreciate that .
Your gonna find a trainer either in this gym or somewhere else that' s gonna wanna train a girl , it' s the latest freak show out there , but the only trouble is your gonna be they' re wasting your time because your too old .
I dont feel that old .
Well neither do I but you don' t see me fighting 21 yr olds do ya , it takes about 4 years to train a fighter .
HOw old are you ?
31 , until my next birthday .
Well there you go .
31 .
You wouldn' t start traing to be a ballerina at 31 now would ya ?
Already been working it for 3years .
And you can' t hit a speed bag ?
What kind of training is that ?
Never had any boss .
Well i hate to say it but it shows .
SOmebody' s gotta be honest with ya .
I hate to be the one to tell you the truth .
Ya , well sorry for using your bag Mr dunn .
Your not gonna cry now are ya ?
No sir .
Ya , Here , keep the god damn thing .
No you need it .
No take the bag , haven' t seen it in 20yrs anyway .
I' ve had 3 since then , just uh , just enjoy it will ya ?
I' il just borrow it till i buy my own .
Just dont lose it .
I know HOgan , your guy' s the champ so we dont split 50' s but if i dont see 40 % ,
look you call me back with 60/ 40 or dont call me back at all .
Hey Willie .
Hey Frankie .
Is something wrong ?
I' m sorry to come on your house like this ,
I know you dont like people dropping in .
Oh your not people Willie , your welcome anytime come on in .
I wanted to thank you for getting Grace' s car back .
Oh you dont have to thank me .
Paying an extra 1000 dollars for your own car ( ... ) is a favor .
Gracey broke down crying when she saw it .
Really ?
I also needed to talk with you about business .
Oh yeah well i just got off the phone with Hogan , we' re all set for september , everything but the splinter .
I gotta leave you Frankie .
What ?
Willie the title is just 2 fights away .
It aint that , it' s like you said , i got one shot , if i win i got to make as much i can while i can .
I need somebody in the action that can make things happen , and i got to make a change before the fight .
Only way this guy said he' d take me is if he took me to the title .
So i get to the title fight , and this guy takes you there .
Only way he' d do it , i' m sorry Frankie , i' m no longer waiting on a title , I wish you could have been with me .
Mickie mac' s a business man , he can' t teach ya nothing .
You already taught me everything I need to know .
There' s some things people just dont wanna hear .
And I challenge the motor city cobra ,
Thomas Hitman Earns to fight me for the welter weight championship of the whole world .
Danger , i' m wearing these mits for a reason .
Just working on my foot work mr ( name ) .
Danger you through a punch you get the hell out of this gym .
Danger , i want you thinking bout that punch i' il brb .
I' m , i' m thinking how i' m gonna hit it hard for ya mr ( name ) .
No one had the heart to tell Danger Earns retired years ago .
( language study )
Heard about Willie , it' s cold , it' s dead cold , plus it wouldn' t be so bad if you weren' t so damn old .
Yeah well at least i can see through both eyes .
Mmmhmm didn' t do you a lot good tho did it ?
Well i got the gym , dont need to be training fighters at my age .
Willie tell you why ?
Cause Mickie , mickie' s got the connections .
It aint about connections frankie , it' s about you not believing in him .
Well I found him , I stuck with him for 8 years how' s that for not believing in him .
You could have gotten him a title fight 2 years ago , now he knew that i' m amazed he stayed around this long .
Yeah well getting there and taking home the belt are 2 different things .
What was i supposed to do , just put him in over his head , not protect him ?
Oh you were protecting him from the championship ?
Yea .
Well Now that makes sense .
Well What about you scrap , what did your manager do ?
You were a hell of a fighter , a lot better than Willie , he get you a title fight or .. did he just bust you out banging your head against other people' s fist until you lost your eye ?
I had my shot , I went out swinging and no man can say i didnt .
Ya well i remember , and excuse me ,
If I didn' t want my fighter spending the 2nd half of his life cleanin up other people' s spit .
Ya right , like your the smart one , your the one learning greek .
It' s galac .
Well you just protected yourself out of a championship fight , how do you say that in galac .
Boxing is an unnatural act , cause everything in it is backwards ,
You wanna move to the left , you dont step left , you push on the right toe , to move right you use your left toe , instead of running from the pain like a sane person would do , you step into it .
Everything in boxing is backwards .
Cheeseburger ?
You bought me a cheeseburger ?
Ya .
I never see you buy anybody a cheeseburger .
Well i couldn' t eat it , and i ordered it .
You want it ?
Well I guess I plan go back to spending .
Did you watch the fight ?
Yeah I watched it .
Willie did good .
That' s what you got to say ?
Willie won didn' t he ?
He did good .
So you been working on yourself , learning to open up that' s good work .
You watch it ?
Yeah i got HBO .
How could you afford HBO ?
How long have i been telling you to save your money ?
Ever since i fought Louis typhoon johnson at the stadium club in tupulo mississippi .
That ( ... ) ?
Yeah manager ran off , left you and me to hitch home , don' t you remember nothing ?
Well I remember walking half way and thinking i was gonna be lynched .
I remember you leaving me with my dick in my hand behind that gas station .
Yeah well i got a ride , the guy took off before i hardly closed the door , had to walk back 2 miles .
YOur conscience got the better of you that' s why .
What the hells that ?
It' s her birthday .
Your not breathing right , that' s why your pantering .
So it' s your birthday huh , how olds that make ya ?
I' m 32 mr dunn , and i' m here celebrating the fact that i spend another year scraping dishes and waitressing which is what I' ve been doing since 13 , and according to you i' il be 37 before i can even throw a decent punch which i have to work on this speed bag for a month ( ... ) god' s simple truth . other truth is , my brother' s in prison , my sister cheats on welfare by pretending one of her babies is still alive , my daddies dead , and my momma weighs 312lbs .
If i was thinking straight i' d go back home , find a used trailer , buy a deep fryer and some oreos , problem is this the only thing i ever felt good doing .
If i' m too old for this then i got nothing . that enough truth to see to you ?
This your speed bag ?
If yours behind the counter , wish i could say wheres it at
HOld it , hold it , i' il show you a few things , and then we' il get you a trainer .
NO sorry .
Your in a position to be negotiate ?
Yes sir , because i know if you train me right i' m gonna be a champ , i' ve seen you looking at me .
Yeah out of pitty .
Dont ' you say that , dont you say that if it aint true .
I want a trainer , i dont want charity , and i dont want favors ,
if your not interested than i got more celebrating to do .
Stop stop stop , god damnit stop .
What the hell are you doing ?
Ok , if i' m gonna take you on ...
You wont never regret it .
Look just listen to me ...
If i take you on ...
I' il promise I' il work so hard .
God this is a mistake already . mmm mmm i' m listening boss .
If i take you on , you dont say anything , you dont question me , dont ask why , you dont say nigger something maybe yes frankie and i' m gonna try to forget the fact that your a girl .
It' s all i ask .
And dont come crying to me if you get hurt . Alrighty .
We got a deal .
NO not quite ,
I' m gonna teach ya how to fight then we get you a manager and i' m off down the road .
WEll i hate to argue ..
Dont argue with me that' s the only way we' re doing it I teach you all you need to know and then you go off you make a million dollars ,
I dont care , get your teeth knocked out , i dont care ,
I dont wanna hear about it either way , that' s just the way its gonna be , its the only way i' il do it .
All right ,
Now one of the things i' ve noticed around the gym is you never move your feet .
You stand there just flat footed .
You gotta move your feet , that' s one of the best things i' m gonna be able to teach ya . so here' s what you do ,
You get yourself , bend your knees , get in an athletic position ,
look like your gonna hit something .
Move em how boss ?
Just go hit the bag .
Stop .
What i do wrong ?
Ok You did two things wrong .
1 is you asked a question and 2 is you asked another question .
Now What i want you to do is not about hitting it hard , is how good you hit it . so watch me , and you can count with me if you want , just count on a one count .
Can you show me that again ?
Just say one please .
One .
Ok one .
One . ok Yeah just say one , thats good that' s good , then i move over to my right foot , you see my weight is shifting to my right foot then i hit it with the back of my hands , thin ice , thin ice pick then i come over and i shift to my left foot , and i hit it with my right hand , ice picking it again ....
Just do it like that , keep practicing .
You show em how to stand , keep their legs under their shoulders .
To make a fighter , you gotta strip em down to bare wood .
You can' t just tell em to forget everything you know , you gotta make them forget it in their bones .
make em so tired they only listen to you , only hear your voice , only do what you say and nothing else .
Show em how to keep their balance and take it away from the other guy .
How to generate momentum off your right toe and how to flex your knees when fire a jab .
how to fight backin up so the other guy doesn' t wanna come after ya , then you gotta show em all over again , over and over and over til they think they were born that way .
Think i' m ready for a fight boss ?
Hey , come here .
Your not breathing .
Hate to disagree with you .
Everytime you get into pressure your holding your breath , now stop doing that .
Ok , but other than that i' m doing pretty good right ?
I mean for a girl .
I dont train girls .
Think i might be ready for a fight boss ?
You get a manager and we' il find out wont we .
I' d like to but you been keeping me too busy .
You got any family boss ?
What ?
You spending all this time with me I didn' t know if you had any ?
No , well i got a daughter , katie .
That' s family .
WE' re not exactly close .
How much she weigh ?
What ?
Trouble in my family comes by the pound .
Yeah , not very big , used to be real athletic , dont know if she kept it up .
So what do you think , Im ready for a fight ?
Hey Sally , come here for a minute will ya ?
Frankie i need to see you in the back for a minute ok ? can i see you a minute ?
Sally here is a real good manager , has a couple of golden glove boys ,
looking for a girl sally ?
Well Looking for a good one .
See there you go .
Nice working with you girlie .
What you want ?
Nothing .
My my , i' ve been watching you work , you got a hell of a left .
Thank you .
So You wanna give this a try see if it' s a fit ?
Yeah sure .
Good , cause i think your ready for a fight .
What am i doing wrong Sally ? everytime Im gettin ( ... ) on me .
Your doing great , your wearing her down , just keep punching .
I aint doing great , i' m losing .
Your wearing her down .
Nice night aint it ?
Jesus Christ .
That' s ( name ) washington' s girl , hell of a fighter , 11- 0 .
Your lefts , keep your left up .
( name ) has a lot of good fighters , gots julia ( name ) lightweight champ .
Your left damnit .
Wouldn' t have been my choice for a first fight but Sally' s a good manager , must think she can take her .
Jesus age , your left , keep your left up .
You thinks she can hear you from back here ?
Course if maggie loses , wouldn' t mean a thing to Sally , might even help him on his card gets another win ,
Lonnie might let Sally lightweight fight julia ( name ) for the title .
Sally' s trying to set a fight with julia ?
Hey what do i know , i just come cause i enjoy the fights .
My god .
Hey come here , come here , your dropping your left hand , quit dropping your left hand .
Hey frankie do you mind not talking to my fighter ?
Your doing a hell of a job of it sally , is this the way you advise your lightweight ?
Dunn , what the hell are you doing ?
I' m talking , what you doing ?
Is this your fighter ?
It' s my fighter .
It aint fitting real well sally .
Fine , you take her , she can' t fight worth a shit anyway .
Somebody tell me what' s going on .
Look I was late , Sally was just subbin for me .
You telilng me that this is your fighter ?
Yeah this is my fighter .
Then you got 10 seconds .
Ok , ( .. ) and then i throw a punch and it keeps dropping .
Let it drop .
That' d be a lot easier .
She thinks she knows you that' s all , everytime you drop it she comes right over the top , so you just wait for her you see , that' s all she' s thinkin about , and When she cocks that big right hand do ya hear me ?
I hear ya boss .
When she does you step to the side , come over wit a goodnight hook .
YOu got one ?
Got it right here .
Fighter i' m calling it .
Ok , go give it to her .
The body knows what fighters dont , how to protect itself .
A neck can only twist so far , twist it just a hair more and the body says hey i' il take it from here , cuz obviously you dont know what your doing .
Neutral corner .
See the way she did that ?
Sugar ray would do that . Girls got sugar .
Lie down now , rest and we' il talk about this when you regain your senses .
IT' s called a knock out mechanism .
Dont ' get carried away now .
You uh , you forgot the rule , now what is the rule ?
Keep my left up ?
Is To protect yourself at all times .
Now what is the rule ?
Protect myself at all times .
Good good .
You gave me away how is that protecting me ?
It wasn' t .
It' s ok , i' il work on my left boss .
Drink your water .
Other than that how' d i do ?
Fine , you did fine .
You gonna leave me again ?
Never , that place you worked today , have homemade lemon moran pie ?
Sure .
Not the kind with the canned filling crap .
Big can , yaaa size , says homemade on the label .
I want you to take the weekend off .
It' s only thursday .
You gonna argue with me ?
Know better than do that boss . well ... good .
All fighters are pig headed someway or another , some part of them always thinks they know better than you about something . can you uh spare a few minutes for the immaculate conception ?
Truth is , even if they' re wrong , even if that one thing is gonna be the ruin of them , if you can beat that last bet out of them , then they aint fighters at all .
Thought i said see you monday ?
You Sure did boss .
Was last night .
You said not to argue with ya .
Damn woman wont do a thing i tell her .
Want my advice ?
What ?
Where are your shoes ?
There in a feet .
You got big holes in your socks .
There only not that big .
Didn' t i give you money for some new ones ?
These are my sleeping socks , my feet like a little air at night .
How come you are wearing them in the day time then ?
Cause my daytime socks got too many holes in them .
Well if i give you some more money buy some new socks , please ?
Well i' d be tempted but , i couldn' t say for sure , might find it' s way to the track .
Didn' t take maggie long to hit a strive .
I' ve got the breathing thing down .
Nah you aint breathing right , cuz your knocking them down in the first round , that' s what .
I thought that was the point .
The point is to get good , you can' t get good if you keep knockin em out in the first round , how am i gonna get you fights ?
Nobody wants to see their fighter embarrased .
Why am i still doing 4 rounders box ?
Cause you haven' t got the lungs for 6 rounds , that' s why .
I do if i keep knocking em out the first round .
Frankie made her fight one more 4 rounder , just to let her know who was boss .
Sorry boss .
Maggie left no doubt about it .
The first 6 rounder didn' t go quite as smooth .
Maggie didn' t knock her out til the end of the first round , after that no manager wanted to put his fighter in with maggie .
Frankie had to go into his pocket to get a decent fights . sweeting the purse by paying managers on the side .
That only worked for so long , then frankie did something he hated doing , he took a chance .
He moved her up in class , that could have been a mistake .
Damn , Damn , Damn , 2 seconds will ya , just 2 seconds .
Your nose is broke .
Dang , fix it .
I can' t , i can' t .
You can fix it .
I can' t , i' ve gotta call it .
I' ve seen what you can do , fix it .
Look i can snap it back into place but i can' t stop the bleeding , the ring doctor' s gonna call it .
Please Frankie please stop the blood i can beat her .
By doing this .
Inhale , inhale , breath in .
Ok huh ?
Yeah it' s okay .
Alright You got 20 seconds before this turns into a geiser and it' s gonna spray all over the front row .
20 seconds that' s all you got , now get going .
What ya reading ?
What she saying ?
Wants to know what your reading .
Its Yates , keep your head back .
Why won' t ya talk a little yates to her , show her what a treat that is .
When the hell they gonna get to her ?
I' m ok frankie .
What you learn tonight ?
Always protect myself .
Whats the rule ?
Always protect myself .
Margret Fitgerald ?
Here .
I' il be right here .
HOw you doing ?
Me ?
Yeah you .
I' m not the one who' s hurt .
Broken noise dont hurt that much .
Why you telling me that ?
No reason .
But some wounds are too deep or too close to the bone , and no matter how hard you work at it , you just can' t stop the bleeding .
Did you write your daughter ?
Every week .
I' ve no idea why you come to church .
After a 12 straight knock out , frankie got a couple of real good offers , the first was to fight billy the blue bare osterman for the wba welter weight title .
Billy was a former prostitue out of east Berlin , had a reputation for being the dirtiest fighter in the ranks .
Didn' t seem to matter to her that something like that could kill a person and the crowds loved her .
He turned her down without even telling her .
The next was to fight , the british champ , the jamaican girl billy just beat .
Hello ?
Not interested .
He turned that down too .
That' s a lot of money boss .
Your making money what are you still working here for ?
It' s a title match right ?
Are you british ?
It' s a title you can' t take away , she' s got nothing to lose , you got nothing to win .
Might still be a good fight .
I just brought you up to welter weight , too good to fight these contenders , you' d rather fight some bullshit champ .
Didn' t notice i was fighting any contenders .
Well you can get yourself another manager anytime you want .
Frankly i' d learn to protect your face a lil better wouldn' t have to turn down this money .
My face out there so much , it' s a miracle i haven' t been knocked out yet boss .
You can' t work here anymore tonight , i made us a reservation , you uh , might wanna shower .
Here you go , here YOU go .
What' s this ?
Well it aint no big secret ( ... ) for .
Go ahead and blow em .
Thank you .
33 aint so old , I was still fighting the 39 , fought for 23 years .
How' s it going scrap ?
Doing good nicky , doing good . what' il ya have ?
Coffee .
You do not speaketh ?
Don' t hardly know him .
When i met frankie , right after my 37th birthday he was picking up cut work , he used to patch me up when i thought it was impossible , good man to have in the corner .
Yes he is .
He stayed with me through my last fight in san bernadino too .
My manager was off getting drunk somewhere ,
It' s just frankie and me .
I was taking a hilacious beating .
Everybody gots a particular number of fights in em ,
Nobody tells you what that number is .
Mine was 109 , i just didn' t want to admit it .
Both rounds cut opens up , blood starts pouring into my eye , they should have stopped the fight , but hell i was black man in san bernadino , blood was what i was there for , round after round , i kept getting frankie to patch me up , he' s talking bout throwing in the towel , but he aint my manager he can' t throw in nothing , round after round he' s arguing with me , i' m almost laughing cause ( ... ) more to him than to me .
I go 15 rounds lose by decision , next morning i lose the eye .
In 23years he' s never said a thing about it .
Doesn' t have to , i see it in his face everytime he looks at me , somehow frankie thinks he should have stopped that fight , should have saved my eye , it' s been his life wishing he could take back the 109th fight , i wanted to go to 110 , thing is , if you want to get to the title , maybe he' s not the one to take you there .
YOu tells mack i' d be here tonight ?
You go on and eat your cupcake .
It' s the rule , always protect yourself ,
People never take their own advice , if she was gonna leave frankie , better she did it to him then .
Mr micky mack , i' m maggie fitzgerald , i hear your a real good manager doing good things for big Willie , but i' d thought you should know i aint never leaving mr dunn , so you dont need to make anymore excuses to bump into me , sorry for interrupting your dinner .
Maggie always did like taking em out in the first round .
The letters always came back marked the same way , " return to sender " .
OH i' il make ya some coffee .
What are you doing with your money ?
Saving it .
Good girl .
You know you save enough of it you get yourself a new house , cash no mortgage .
It' il be a while before i can do that .
Yeah well it might be a stretch but , you got to get yourself a place of your own .
Go around wasting it on things that don' t matter and what you got ?
Understand ?
( ... ) wait long enough , you got nothing .
Ok , as soon as i get the money .
I' ve made a lot of mistakes in my life , i' m just trying to keep you from doing the same .
I know boss .
I' m not gonna live forever .
What is it ?
It' s a tape on that girl in england your gonna fight .
If your gonna go for the title we got some moves ...
Hey get the hell down , know how old i am ?
Thank you boss , thank you so much .
Here just let me put this in the machine .
What machine ?
You dont have a tv huh ?
No .
Alright , ok .